[Due: Apr 4] Docs updates for dedicated projects UI (#591)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/projects/managing.mdx

---
page_title: Managing Projects
description: |-
  Use projects to organize and group workspaces and create ownership boundaries
  across your infrastructure.
---

# Managing Projects

Projects let you organize your workspaces and scope access to workspace
resources.

## Permissions

You must be a member of a team with the **Manage all Projects**
[organization-level
permissions](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#organization-permissions)
permissions to create a project.

You must be a member of a team with the update team access to add a new team
access for organization-visible teams for a project. 

You must be a member of a team with update and delete permissions to be able to
update and delete teams respectively.

> ## View a Project

Reviewer: It feels a bit strange to have the "View Projects" and the "View a project" sections separated on two different pages. How would you feel about moving the "View projects" section to this page too?

> To view your organization's projects:

Reviewer: Can we make this a list? It feels a good list to me, unless there is a reason you don't think it should be?

Click **Projects**.

> Search for a project that you want to review by scrolling down the table or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search for a project that you want to review by scrolling or
```

searching for a project name in the search bar above the project table.

> Click on a project name to view more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on a project's name to view more details.
```

## Create a Project

To create a new project:

1. Click **Projects**.
1. Click **+ New project**. The **Create a new project** modal appears.
1. Enter a **Project Name**. The name must be unique within the organization and
   can only include letters, numbers, inner spaces, dashes (-), and underscores
   (_).
1. Optionally, enter a **Project Description**.
1. Click **Create**.

> Terraform Cloud will return a new project page displaying all the project

Reviewer: Present tense:
```suggestion
Terraform Cloud returns a new project page displaying all the project
```

information.

## Edit a Project

To edit a project:

1. Click **Projects**.
1. Click on a project name of the project you want to edit.
1. Click **Settings**.

On this **General settings** page, you can update the project name, project
description, and delete the project. On the **Team access** page, you can modify
team access to the project.

## Delete a Project

You can only delete projects that do not contain workspaces.

To delete an empty project:

1. Click **Projects**.

1. Search for a project that you want to review by scrolling down the table or
   searching for a project name in the search bar above the project table.

1. Click **Settings**. The settings view for the selected project appears.

1. Click the **Delete** button. A **Delete project** modal appears.

1. Click the **Delete** button to confirm the deletion.

> Terraform Cloud will return to the **Projects** view with the deleted project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform Cloud returns to the **Projects** view with the deleted project
```
